Update Validate Your Changes in Deploy Code to Astro (#955)
astronomer/docs: astro/deploy-code.md

import {siteVariables} from '@site/src/versions';

> Pushing Astro project code to a Deployment with the Astro CLI is the foundation for managing changes to your deployed Astro projects. It also serves as the foundation for any [CI/CD](ci-cd.md) pipeline-based deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pushing your Astro project, including your DAG code, to a Deployment with the Astro CLI is the foundation for managing changes on Astro. It also serves as the foundation for any [CI/CD](ci-cd.md)-based deploys.
```

This command returns a list of Deployments available in your Workspace and prompts you to pick one.

After you select a Deployment, the CLI parses your DAGs to ensure that they don't contain basic syntax and import errors. This test is equivalent to the one that runs during `astro dev parse` in a local Airflow environment. If any of your DAGs fail this parse, the deploy to Astro also fails.

> If your code passes the parse, the CLI builds your Astro project directory into a new Docker image pushes this image to Astro.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your code passes the parse, the CLI builds your Astro project directory into a new Docker image and pushes that image to your Deployment on Astro.
```

:::tip

> To validate your code before deploying it to Astro, you can run `astro deploy --pytest`. Adding the `--pytest` flag makes the CLI run all tests in your project's `tests` directory using [Pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/en/7.0.x/contents.html). If any of these tests fail, your code deploy also fails. This can help you prevent your team from deploying DAGs to Astro that aren't production-grade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To validate your code before deploying it to Astro, you can run `astro deploy --pytest`. Adding the `--pytest` flag makes the CLI run all tests in your project's `tests` directory using [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/en/7.0.x/contents.html). If any of these tests fail, your code deploy also fails. This can help you prevent your team from deploying DAGs to Astro that aren't production-grade.
```

For more information about using Pytest, see [Test and troubleshoot locally](test-and-troubleshoot-locally.md#test-dags-locally-with-pytest).

:::

## Step 3: Validate your changes

> If it's your first time deploying, you'll need to wait a few minutes for the Docker image to build. After the deploy completes, the Airflow UI footer for your Deployment shows a new Docker tag. Depending on how your organization deploys to Astro, this tag is either a unique identifier generated by a Continuous Integration (CI) tool or a timestamp generated by the Astro CLI on astro deploy. Both represent a unique deploy of your Astro project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on what your Astro project contains, you might need to wait a few minutes for the Docker image to build. After the deploy completes, the footer of the Airflow UI for your Deployment shows a new Docker image tag. Depending on how your organization deploys to Astro, the Docker image tag is either a unique identifier generated by a Continuous Integration (CI) tool or a timestamp generated by the Astro CLI on `astro deploy`.

Both represent a unique deploy of your Astro project and the Docker image that is running on the Airflow webserver. Comparing the Docker image tag from your deploy and the Docker image tag shown in the footer of the Airflow UI is currently the best way to confirm that your deploy to Astro was successful.
```

> If it's your first time deploying, you'll need to wait a few minutes for the Docker image to build. The Docker image that is running on the Airflow webserver of your Deployment is shown in a tag in the Airflow UI footer. Depending on how your organization deploys to Astro, this tag is either a unique identifier generated by a Continuous Integration (CI) tool or a timestamp generated by the Astro CLI on astro deploy. Both represent a unique version of your Astro project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If it's your first time deploying, you'll need to wait a few minutes for the Docker image to build. After the deploy completes, the Airflow UI footer for your Deployment shows a new Docker tag. Depending on how your organization deploys to Astro, this tag is either a unique identifier generated by a Continuous Integration (CI) tool or a timestamp generated by the Astro CLI on astro deploy. Both represent a unique deploy of your Astro project. To view the Docker tag and validate your deploy:
```

> 1. In the Cloud UI, select a Workspace and then select a Deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Cloud UI, select a Workspace and then select the Deployment you just pushed code to.
```

2. Click **Open Airflow**.

> 3. Scroll to the bottom of the page to view Docker image information in the footer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Scroll to the bottom of the page to view your **Image tag** in the footer:
```

>     ![Docker image information](/img/docs/image-tag-airflow-ui-astro.png)

Reviewer: Any reason to not re-use the image we already had in release notes to lower maintenance?

Believe the address is: `images/image-tag-airflow-ui-astro`

Author: @paolaperaza I am using the same image from the Release Notes:
 
**Release Notes**

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/181038485-68c4d75a-f95a-48bf-b64a-2ae3b4626363.png)

**Validate your changes**

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/181038586-b44817ce-386d-4ae9-9c9d-154e96a13e29.png)

Reviewer: Oh shoot, sorry! I was looking at your description of the image: `Docker image information`

> 

Reviewer: Thoughts on adding this caveat that we have on release notes?

> :::info
> 
> While it is a good proxy, the tag shown in the Airflow UI does not forcibly represent the Docker image that is running on your Deployment's scheduler, triggerer, or workers.
> 
> This value is also distinct from the Docker image that is shown in the Deployment view of the Cloud UI, which displays the image tag as specified in the Cloud API request that is triggered on `astro deploy`. The image tag in the Airflow UI can be interpreted to be a more accurate proxy to what is running on all components of your Deployment.
> 
> If you ever have trouble verifying a code push to a Deployment on Astro, reach out to [Astronomer support](https://support.astronomer.io/).
> 
> :::

Author: @paolaperaza this seems to contradict the existing text in the topic which states:

To confirm that your deploy to Astro was successful, compare the Docker image tag for your Deployment with the Docker image tag shown in the footer of the Airflow UI.

Also, I would suggest that the use of _forcibly_ is incorrect and unnecessary. 

I would recommend that we not add this text. If you feel strongly about it, it will need to be rewritten.

Author: @paolaperaza here is my attempt to clarify the Release Notes text:

_The image tag information displayed in the Airflow UI footer doesn’t identify the Docker image that is running on the Deployment scheduler, triggerer, or workers. The Airflow UI image tag information is also distinct from the Docker image information that is shown in the Deployment view of the Cloud UI. The Cloud UI displays the image tag that is specified in the Cloud API request that is triggered by `astro deploy`. The image tag in the Airflow UI provides a more accurate representation of what is running on all components of your Deployment._

I_f you need help verifying a code push to a Deployment on Astro, contact [Astronomer support](https://support.astronomer.io/)._

> After the deploy completes, the footer in the Airflow UI for your Deployment shows Docker image tag information. Depending on how your organization deploys to Astro, the Docker image tag is either a unique identifier generated by a Continuous Integration (CI) tool or a timestamp generated by the Astro CLI on `astro deploy`. The Docker image tag represents a unique deploy of your Astro project and the Docker image that is running on the Airflow webserver. Currently, you can’t confirm that your code deployed successfully and is running on all Deployment components. The image tag information displayed in the Airflow UI footer identifies only the Docker image that is running on your webserver container, and not on your schedulers, triggerers, or workers. To confirm a code push, contact [Astronomer support](https://support.astronomer.io). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the deploy completes, the footer in the Airflow UI for your Deployment shows a Docker image tag. Depending on how your organization deploys to Astro, the Docker image tag is either a unique identifier generated by a Continuous Integration (CI) tool or a timestamp generated by the Astro CLI on `astro deploy`. It represents a unique deploy of your Astro project.

The Docker image tag displayed in the Airflow UI footer identifies only the Docker image that is running on your Deployment's webserver. Astronomer considers this value the best way to determine whether if your deploy was successful, but it does not reflect what is running on the scheduler, triggerer, or workers. To confirm a code push, contact [Astronomer support](https://support.astronomer.io).
```

Hey @kwcanuck - last attempt here. I wanted to:

- Make it clear that Astronomer considers this the best way currently available
- I made it into two paragraphs for readability/logical separation?
- I removed the statement that says explicitly that you can't confirm it -- I think what I suggested here strikes a balance between saying "this is the best we have, but fyi it has this limitation" without having a dedicated section for something that you can't do (bc it's not that black and white)
-

Author: This text was discussed and rewritten in a Slack conversation.
